Atlas Edit Proposal — 2026-06-08 (#255)
makerdao/next-gen-atlas: content/A/6/1/1/2/2/6/1/2/1/2/3/document.md

---
id: aa16daa3-ee62-49eb-851e-cb0708670144
docNo: A.6.1.1.2.2.6.1.2.1.2.3
name: USD Stablecoin To USDS Swap Authorization
type: Core
depth: 12
childType: sections_and_primary_docs
---

###### A.6.1.1.2.2.6.1.2.1.2.3 - USD Stablecoin To USDS Swap Authorization [Core]

> Grove is authorized to swap USD stablecoins held in the Grove SubProxy Account, as specified in [A.6.1.1.2.2.1.1.3.1.1.2 - SubProxy Account](d143241d-5819-432d-a6ba-892961502838), to USDS. Such swaps must be executed at a rate of approximately 1:1 (divergence not to exceed 0.1%) and each swap must be documented in a Forum post under the "Grove Prime" category, containing the Technical Scope as specified in [A.1.10.2.3.2.2.3.2.2 - Prime Agent Publishes Spell Actions On Sky Forum](2c577553-830f-4b9f-ab5f-dddd0fd62cfa). Swaps meeting these requirements may be included directly in a Grove Spell submitted to a Sky Executive Vote, with no prior token holder vote needed.

Reviewer: Content analysis of amendments regarding logical consistency, systemic loopholes, and linguistics: [Notion](https://sky-proposal-analysis.notion.site/Atlas-Edit-Weekly-Cycle-Proposal-2026-06-15-37ea66bbb6b8802281e5cfa68ee5a1a8).

Note: I've used placeholders [X] and [Y] for the volume cap and oracle deviation trigger, as defining these specific limits falls under the purview of the Risk Core Unit / Authorized Agents. The goal here is purely to establish the deontic circuit-breaker mechanism within the Atlas framework.

```suggestion
Grove is authorized to swap USD stablecoins held in the Grove SubProxy Account, as specified in [A.6.1.1.2.2.1.1.3.1.1.2 - SubProxy Account](https://www.google.com/search?q=d143241d-5819-432d-a6ba-892961502838), to USDS. Such swaps must be executed at a rate of 1:1 (divergence not to exceed 0.1%), provided that the total volume of such automated swaps does not exceed [X] USDS per calendar week. This permission shall be instantly revoked if any involved stablecoin deviates from its target 1.00 USD price oracle by more than [Y]%. Each swap must be documented in a Forum post under the "Grove Prime" category, containing the Technical Scope as specified in [A.1.10.2.3.2.2.3.2.2 - Prime Agent Publishes Spell Actions On Sky Forum](https://www.google.com/search?q=2c577553-830f-4b9f-ab5f-dddd0fd62cfa). Swaps meeting all aforementioned requirements may be included directly in a Grove Spell submitted to a Sky Executive Vote, with no prior token holder vote needed.
```
